It's the year 2108, Mike wakes up from a strange dream, and finds himself crying. He doesn't know why but he recalls having seen someone close to him. During the time he is getting his conciousness back, there is a lot of noise outside, and goes to check it out. Everyone is running from something which seems to look like a black hole. Confused and scared, he first runs to find his brothers, Chris and Edward, only to find them getting sucked into the black hole thing, he then has a deja vu of the same thing but is confused and runs to catch hold of his brothers but is too late. All three get sucked into the black hole, and it vanishes. Mike again is in the same dream he was before, only this time he sees his mother calling for him but he can't seem to move his legs, and then eventually wakes up in a place called 'Zuria'. The people there were of different species with antlers on their heads. The only thing he thinks of is to find his missing brothers. Him being the bravest and strongest, sets out on a journey to find them. The cause of the singularity is unknown and so to uncover the truths behind the disaster, Mike first has to find Professor X (a close friend he met during his training years), a scientist who has years of experience and knowledge in the field of time and space. Although he too has no idea how to find him, he asks the people of Zuria (place where he is sent to) about the whereabouts of professor X, but to no avail, he couldn't get any information. As all hope is lost, he comes across a person who calls himself 'the merchant', who provides Mike information about professor X in exchange for some 'secret work'. He is skeptical about the idea of helping the stranger and knew something was off but still he had to find his siblings, so he complies to the stranger's deal. The deal was to gather a certain flower, called Cynthia, which was a common flower in his realm, but in the new dimension, it was very rare. The flower was found in a place called 'Cent', where only those with a calm heart and a strong will can go through, and others who stray from their path are sent back to the entrance of the Cent, as the merchant explains. The merchant takes Mike to the Cent and is revealed to much shock that the place is pitch black with nothing to look at. "Only those with a strong ambition can cross the cent", as the merchant says. The elder brother enters the Cent with anxiety. The only thing he has is a lamp which does not seem to bring any light. He hears the voices of some people. All the voices seem to remind him of his lost siblings and to this he breaks down and finds himself at the entrance of the 'cent' again. The merchant is dissapointed from his actions, but Mike asks for a second chance to prove himself. So he enters the Cent, only this time the lamp he had was glowing, but it still could not illuminate the place inside the Cent but the path he had chosen was illuminated as bright as a star and he follows the glowing path to a room. He enters the room and finds the place so mesmerizing and brings a calmness to his heart. He finds the Cynthia flower and instantly taken back to the entrance of the 'cent'. The merchant is impressed by him and lets him in on the whereabouts of professor X. He comes to know that professor X was last seen at a place called 'Shadow House'. Ironical to it's name, the merchant explains that the 'Shadow House' was a place where everything was lively, from animals to people, everything was enjoyable. The 'shadow house' was built in order to save the people suffering from the dimensional drift, a way to find their home. Mike seeks to find professor X, and to his luck, he manages to find a path to the Shadow House. "It's going to be a tough journey, with no takebacks and no return", as the merchant says. Mike leaves as the merchant says this and travels through a portal which the merchant opens up with a strange device. He enters the Shadow House, but is questioned by the authority there, and just as he about to be interrogated, he sees professor X and calls out his name. Professor is happy to meet him and the two meet and rejoice from finding themselves in this disastrous situation. Professor X explains Mike that the singularity was not natural, but it was cause by someone or something. The singularity opens up the universe into a place, with a name unknown, to a source of infinite energy, which can help build anything and everything. But due to it's infinite power, it is difficult to control, unless someone has the resources and technology to harness the power. Mike is unable to get hold of the situation, and then suddenly gets dizzy and faints. He again finds himself in his dream, with his mother holding his hand. She is happy to see him and says something which is inaudible to him. Tears roll down her eyes as she says something and he wakes up again, with professor X beside him. "You collapsed due to extreme mental and physical fatigue. You have to rest for a good while. Enjoy the little things in the Shadow House", as the professor says and exits the room. Mike thinks about what the dreams mean and why do they show his mother, who had disappeared when he was 8 years old. "Are these dreams connected to something?" in a dilemma what to do, he goes out to explore the Shadow House. Children are playing, women are having tea and everyone's having a good time. Seeing all this, it brings a calmness to heart. "I've got to find Chris and Edward soon", as he wipes his tears. He goes to professor X, in search for clues and info about his brothers. Professor is talking to some lady wearing the same clothes as him. Professor introduces her as Professor Ray, who seemingly was X's colleague. Professor X says she has exceptional knowledge in the field of quantum mechanics, she's even better at investigating things than him. Amazed by her intellect, Mike asks about someone named Chris and Ed. She knows what he is looking for and says to think rationally and calmly. She tells him that both of his brothers are safe and sound, but, it is unknown where they are. Professor Ray has an ability by which she can feel the emotions and thoughts of others. A blessing and curse both, she is optimistic about the idea of finding his brothers with the help of her ability, if it is useful, that is, she says. A ray of hope (pun intended) is seen through Mike's eyes. He asks if there is anyway to travel between dimensions. Professor Ray tells him about the dimensional drift, which can help to travel between dimensions, but the dimensions are chosen at random, meaning it could be a random dimensions at any point, and there is no going back once you travel through it. Without a second thought, he agrees to go through the drift. Ray provides with a special suit which helps to contain his body in its normal form, and not to reduce it's size to quantum particles. As soon as the dimensional drift opens a dimension, Ray says to look for a deserted dimension, and says she can hear the thoughts of his brothers there. Mike immediately jumps into the drift, and sees a lot of other dimensions. He comes to see a lot of habitation from different planets, and is amazed by the beauty and yet is terrified of the scenery. He focuses on his first priority, and concentrates. Everything just blacks out, and he is unable to see anything. There seems to be a light source at a distance, and it seems to move closer to him. The ground starts shaking as soon as the light gets closer. As the light is close enough, it reveals a monster with no eyes, but only ears. A different lifeform near the monster makes some noise, the monster immediately pounces on the little creature and eats it up. It seems the monsters are sensitive to sounds. The environment is all black with the only light source being the light coming from the monsters. Someone puts a hand over Mike's shoulder and gives a sign to keep quiet. They then slowly move out of the dark place and enter a cave with a lot of light. The man introduces himself as Rice, and says it's been a while since he saw a human, since they don't survive here a lot. Hearing this Mike is a little bit scared but moreover he asks Rice how to get out of this place. Rice with utmost regret says it's tough given Mike's physique. There is a device called space alter. It's basically a portable dimensional drift, but no one can handle the pressure and back track from the force of switching dimensions. No one ever has and ever will, use that, says Rice. Ambitious as always, Mike says to let him have a chance. But Rice says no and then leaves him in the safe house. Just because he says no doesn't mean I'm giving up, Mike claims and then heads to find the space alter. The safe house is pretty much empty as he looks around but then finds a secret doorway that leads to the basement. He follows Rice behind and enters the passage. As he goes down the light around him flickers, then he hears a loud noise, that of a large object falling. Rice isn't seem to be bothered. They eventually reach a dome shaped laboratory with a woman, who seems to be Rice's wife. They work on the something super high tech, nothing that Mike's ever seen. Just in the spur of moment, when they are distracted by the ideas they discuss, Mike steals the device and tries to use it. "Don't!" Says Rice and a portal opens up and sucks up Mike. The space alter is left behind, and he travels into the portal, only to discover he lost and arm! He then finds himself in a deserted land, with black soil, and burning fumes all around. He takes off his mask and finds it very difficult to breath. He then puts on his oxygen mask, given by Prof. Ray, and proceeds to look around the place. There really isnt much to look around, just black soil, blue sky, fire and isn't able to think properly. He then hears the voice of the youngest brother, Chris, turns around to look for him but he cant seem to look for him. He hears his brothers cry for help, he looks all around but he can find nothing. All of a sudden, he collapses due to the gravity of the planet and is unable to resist that.
After sometime, he finds himself, beside his mother in a park. The park is full of happy people. animals playing with their owners. He concludes he is in that dream again. He looks at his mother, who is happy and smiling and says to him, "You've grown up quite a lot, my boy!", he is happy to see his mother, but knows that this is all an illusion. He immediately gets up and says to his mother that he has to save something important to him and runs away somewhere. When he looks back, there is nothing to see, as if it was always empty. He then wakes up from that dream, beside his brothers! Shocked and scared he is unable to accept the fact that he has found his siblings, but the brothers look at him with a look that says that something his wrong. He looks at them and tries to grab them, but his hand just passes through their bodies! As if they are an illusion. He his scared and startled to see them like that. He questions them about what happened to them and why are their bodies transparent. The siblings calm Mike down and tell him about the singularity. What happened was when they were transported to this dimension, they were unable to resist the heat and weather of that planet. Unable to survive with these conditions, they came across a group called Warriors. They introduced them with a device, which helped the habitants of other planets survive the harsh environment of the planet by making their bodies lighter, and be able to breath gases other than oxygen. Mike hearing this, is shook, but also happy that they are safe and sound, just like Prof. Ray said. He is unable to express his happiness, to find his only family, it meant all the efforts he put were not in vain. "It's time to go home." he says, as he gets up. They go outside to look for the warriors group but are unable to find any trace of them. All of a sudden their bodies produce a lot of light and then the transparent bodies are back to normal. Their joy is unexplainable. Out of the blue, from thin air emerges Professor X and Ray, who've come to save them! The ground shakes and the eruption of lava and volcano starts! "Run like never before!" Prof X quickly grabs the brothers by their hands and tries to pull them towards him but in this motion, Prof Ray slips and fall onto the ground, "It's too LATE!, there's nothing you can do!" says Ray as she breaks off the grip and all the 4 fall. Seconds later, Mike calls out for Ray, slowly her face and her body seem to fade, and he sees his mothers face and her mother cries out of happiness. He is shook and startled and confused and a number of emotions flow through his heart. "All this time, you were alive? But Prof X said you were dead." the dimension drift closes, and the 4 group are transported back into the Shadow House..................
